add articles about auto partioning (#39046)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/dev/tables/partitioning/choosing-partition-count.md

* [`AUTO_PARTITIONING_MAX_PARTITIONS_COUNT`](../../../concepts/datamodel/table.md#auto_partitioning_max_partitions_count) caps partition growth; once the cap is reached, splits stop — monitor and raise the limit before you hit it.[*](#cluster-partition-size-limit)

* With load-based autopartitioning, avoid leaving the minimum partition count at **1** if load is bursty: after a lull, merges can collapse the table to one partition and force expensive splits again. See [`AUTO_PARTITIONING_MIN_PARTITIONS_COUNT`](../../../concepts/datamodel/table.md#auto_partitioning_min_partitions_count).

To apply the recommendations:

```yql
ALTER TABLE `my_table` SET (
    AUTO_PARTITIONING_BY_LOAD = ENABLED,
    AUTO_PARTITIONING_MIN_PARTITIONS_COUNT = 10,
    AUTO_PARTITIONING_MAX_PARTITIONS_COUNT = 50
);
```

Optional initial spreading across keys uses [`UNIFORM_PARTITIONS`](../../../concepts/datamodel/table.md#uniform_partitions) or [`PARTITION_AT_KEYS`](../../../concepts/datamodel/table.md#partition_at_keys) — see [{#T}](../../../concepts/datamodel/table.md#partitioning_row_table).

---

> <span id="cluster-partition-size-limit">\*</span> Regardless of `AUTO_PARTITIONING_MAX_PARTITIONS_COUNT`, the cluster enforces a hard partition size limit (**2 GB** by default): if a partition exceeds it, it splits even when the table-level partition count cap is already reached. See [{#T}](auto/index.md#auto-sharding-limits) and [{#T}](../../../concepts/datamodel/table.md#partitioning_row_table).

Author: ```suggestion
<span id="cluster-partition-size-limit">\*</span> Regardless of the `AUTO_PARTITIONING_PARTITION_SIZE_MB` value, a partition is always split when it reaches the hard size limit configured at the cluster level (**2 GiB** by default).
```
